### Navigating Ambiguity
#### Design an application that allows users to upload textual datasets (‘books’), which can be any text data (forum posts, chat histories, books, recipes, etc.) and request metrics (‘insights') about the properties of that dataset, which are generated by processing the text asynchronously on backend workers.

## MVP - Ambiguity
- What are the most important functionalities that the app would perform?
- What is the horizons of the product?
  - Would it be integrate with some other system ?
  - What would the target client/customer be? What would satisfy her/him. (UI/UX)
  - 

## Open Horizons
- Fun
- See their data and interesting things about the data.
- Will there be something exciting here? social? 
- Analyze the text
- Give me insights.

## Suggestion
- concentrate on LLMs and quick ability to provide insights into the user's data.
- Use familiar chat UI, with adding any attachments.
- Define KPIs as ability to create experience of insight-full-ness for the user
- Be frictionless as possible. make effort such that early adopters do not need to do too much to get a satisfying result.
- Top bottom/first principle approach on KPI means:
  - Being insightful will be a recognizable feature across functionalities and features of the app. 
  - Utilitarin UI Approach, that is minimalistic.


* Describe the UI
- Chat UI
  - Intro screen to get retention.
  - Anonymous Login/ Login Required.
  - Layout
    - Button bar with text input, + + button to upload file.
    - Chat bubble include
      - Uploading file progress.
  - UX:
    - user is presented with a prompt of the nature of "Hi, my name is bot, and I am here to read your files and provide insights on them, please use the + button to upload a file" (add cap on the file size ui size), bot can suggest content that the system is really excited about.
    - 
  - Uploading Files (and how we are implementing insightful there)
    - Once the file is selected by the user, upload will start, progress bar shows on the bubble.
    - Once the file is upload to file storage, that is indicate by the updating of the bubble, such that the user can keep doing more things asynchronously. At this point an early analysis of the data in the file will start in the backend, and as that happen, insights like tags, or even images could decorate the bubble.
    - Once the file is uploaded, any action relating to the file, the bot will require the user to login to get more data.
    - What am I chatting with?
      - default bot, that might get some basic access to an LLM that's had minimal embedding of the data that they have uploaded. 
    - ore ui components?
    - 
  - Auth
    - Using 
  - System Design:
    - bad actors.


* Describe the tech stack

## Product Defs:
Using LLM / Vector DB / to create quick ability to provide insights into the user's data.
